In the previous lesson,
we've seen how to use specific Kafka Client Libraries to get data into and out of Kafka.
While these libraries are great,
it does take development time to actually integrate them into our applications.
In this lesson, we're going to see two tools which can help
integrate Kafka into almost any application you can imagine.
First, we're going to see Kafka Connect.
Kafka Connect allows us to reuse existing components to
source data into Kafka and sync data out from Kafka into other databases.
Likewise, we're going to see how to use Kafka REST Proxy to
get data into and out of Kafka with HTTP.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll have a whole slew of new options at your disposal,
to work with Kafka.